Add default hint for required values in schema (#885)
vapor/docs: docs/fluent/schema.md

|`.references`|Requires that this field's value match a value in the referenced schema. See [foreign key](#foreign-key)|
|`.identifier`|Denotes the primary key. See [identifier](#identifier)|

> !!! tip
>     If you're using a `.required` field, especially if you're updating a schema rather than creating it, you might need to set a default value, this is done via `.sql(.default("default value"))`.

Reviewer: I think it could be clearer, like 
```suggestion
!!! tip
    You can use `.sql(.default(DEFAULT_VALUE))` to specify a default value for your migrations.
    This is also useful when updating an existing table with a new `.required` field.
```

Reviewer 2: This tip doesn't make it clear *how* to use the default value (putting it as an argument to the `.field` method). You really ought to have a full codeblock with an example. Something like
```swift
try await database.schema(User.schema)
            .field("joined_at", .date, .required, .sql(.default(SQLRaw("NOW()"))))
            .update()
```

Author: That makes sense, but I think we might just need 
`.field("joined_at", .date, .required, .sql(.default(SQLRaw("NOW()"))))`
It's the schema page after all

Although Mahdi's suggestion is not too precise then😆

Reviewer 3: This is also wrong - `NOW()` should be invoked as `SQLFunction("now")`. Also, it's better to recommend a `.datetime` here, rather than a `.date`.

    Foreign key actions happen solely in the database, bypassing Fluent. 
    This means things like model middleware and soft-delete may not work correctly.

## SQL

The `.sql` parameter allows you to add arbitrary SQL to your schema. This is useful for adding specific constraints or data types.

> Quite a common use case is defining a default value for a field:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A common use case is defining a default value for a field:
```
